"padding"
urxvt.internalBorder:   6 
urxvt.externalBorder:   0
urxvt.urgentOnBell:             true
urxvt.cursorBlink:              true
urxvt.cursorColor:             black
urxvt.cursorColor2:             white
urxvt.cursorUnderline: true
urxvt.underlineColor: yellow

urxvt*boldColors:on
urxvt*buffered:true
urxvt*depth:32
urxvt*fading:0
urxvt*shading:0
urxvt*visualBell:false
urxvt*inheritPixmap:true
urxvt*borderLess:false
urxvt*:scrollTtyKeypress: true
urxvt*transparent:false

urxvt*jumpScroll:true
urxvt*loginShell:true
urxvt*saveLines:65535
urxvt*scrollBar_right:true
urxvt*scrollBar:false
urxvt*scrollstyle:plain
urxvt*scrollTtyKeypress:    true
urxvt*scrollTtyOutput:      false
urxvt*scrollWithBuffer:     true
urxvt*termName: rxvt-256color
urxvt*transparentscrollbar:true
urxvt*transpscrollbar:true

urxvt*font: xft:Liberation Mono:size=16
urxvt*boldFont: xft: Liberation Mono: size=16


/*
*
*       Xft
* */
xft.dpi: 96
xft.rgba: rgb
xft.antialias: true
xft.hinting: true
! hints{light, medium, full}
xft.hintstyle: hintslight

/*
*       
*       hyperlinks
* */
urxvt.perl-ext:           default,matcher
urxvt*urlLauncher:firefox
urxvt.matcher.button:     1
urxvt.keysym.C-Delete:    perl:matcher
urxvt.underlineURLs:      true



/*
*
*       color & theme
* */

! fg/bg
urxvt*highlightColor:#444
urxvt*background: #000
urxvt*foreground: #d3d3d3

! theme
!#include "/home/noah/.colors/tango"
!#include "/home/noah/.colors/zenburn"
!#include "/home/noah/.colors/gnome"
!#include "/home/noah/.colors/bright"
!#include "/home/noah/.colors/soft"
!#include "/home/noah/.colors/dark"
!#include "/home/noah/.colors/milk"
